Support new GraalVM for JDK17/JDK20 release. (#46)
graalvm/setup-graalvm: README.md

# GitHub Action for GraalVM [![build-test](https://github.com/graalvm/setup-graalvm/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/graalvm/setup-graalvm/actions/workflows/test.yml)

> This GitHub action sets up [Oracle GraalVM][graalvm], GraalVM [Community Edition (CE)][repo], [Enterprise Edition (EE)][graalvm-ee], or [Mandrel][mandrel], as well as [Native Image][native-image] and GraalVM components such as [Truffle languages][truffle-languages].

Reviewer: https://www.graalvm.org/ doesn't seem such a great link to find out what `Oracle GraalVM` is. Maybe the medium blog post or https://blogs.oracle.com/java/post/graalvm-free-license would be better.

## Key Features

This action:

- supports Oracle GraalVM [releases][graalvm-dl], GraalVM Community Edition (CE) [releases], [dev builds][dev-builds], GraalVM Enterprise Edition (EE) [releases][graalvm-ee] (set [`gds-token`](#options)) 22.1.0 and later, and [Mandrel][mandrel] (see [Options](#options))
- exports a `$GRAALVM_HOME` environment variable
- adds `$GRAALVM_HOME/bin` to the `$PATH` environment variable<br>(Native Image, Truffle languages, and tools can be invoked directly)
- sets `$JAVA_HOME` to `$GRAALVM_HOME` by default<br>(can be disabled via `set-java-home: 'false'`, see [Options](#options))
- supports `x64` and `aarch64` (selected automatically, `aarch64` requires a [self-hosted runner][gha-self-hosted-runners])
- supports dependency caching for Apache Maven, Gradle, and sbt (see [`cache` option](#options))
- sets up Windows environments with build tools using [vcvarsall.bat][vcvarsall]
- has built-in support for GraalVM components and the [GraalVM Updater][gu]

> 

Reviewer 2: Double extra line.

Author: We keep double lines in here to separate section more clearly. As far as I know, they shouldn't cause any harm, right?

> ## Migrating from GraalVM 22.3 or earlier to the new GraalVM for JDK 17 and later

Reviewer 2: `Migrating from GraalVM 22.3 or Earlier to the New GraalVM for JDK 17 and Later`

> The new [GraalVM release](https://medium.com/graalvm/a-new-graalvm-release-and-new-free-license-4aab483692f5) aligns the version scheme with OpenJDK.

Reviewer 3: "The new" could be ambiguous, so probably better to be explicit and say which version.

> The new [GraalVM release](https://medium.com/graalvm/a-new-graalvm-release-and-new-free-license-4aab483692f5) aligns the version scheme with OpenJDK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The new [GraalVM release](https://medium.com/graalvm/a-new-graalvm-release-and-new-free-license-4aab483692f5) aligns the GraalVM version scheme with OpenJDK.
```

> As a result, this action no longer requires the `version` option that was used to select a specific GraalVM version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As a result, this action no longer requires the `version` option to select a specific GraalVM version.
```

> At the same time, it introduces a new `distribution` option that can be used to select a specific GraalVM distribution (`graalvm`, `graalvm-community`, and `mandrel`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At the same time, it introduces a new `distribution` option to select a specific GraalVM distribution (`graalvm`, `graalvm-community`, or `mandrel`).
```

> Therefore, to migrate workflows to use the latest GraalVM release, replace the `version` with the `distribution` option in your workflow `yml` config, for example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Therefore, to migrate your workflow to use the latest GraalVM release, replace the `version` with the `distribution` option in the workflow `yml` config, for example:
```

```yml
# ...
- uses: graalvm/setup-graalvm@v1
  with:
    java-version: '17'
    version: '22.3.2' # Old 'version' option for the GraalVM version
    # ...
```

> can be turned into:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
can be replaced with:
```

          native-image --version
```

</details>

## Options

| Name            | Default  | Description |
|-----------------|:--------:|-------------|

> | `java-version`<br>*(required)* | n/a | `'17.0.7'` or `'20.0.1'` for a specific Java version, `'dev'` for a dev build with the highest Java version available.<br>(`'8'`, `'11'`, `'16'`, `'19'` are supported for older GraalVM releases.) |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `java-version`<br>*(required)* | n/a | `'17.0.7'` or `'20.0.1'` for a specific Java version, `'dev'` for a dev build with the highest Java version available.<br>(`'8'`, `'11'`, `'16'`, `'19'` are supported for older GraalVM releases.) |
```
I think we tend to say "latest" instead of "highest"

| `distribution`  | `''` | GraalVM distribution (`graalvm` for Oracle GraalVM, `graalvm-community` for GraalVM Community Edition, `mandrel` for Mandrel). |
| `github-token`  | `'${{ github.token }}'` | Token for communication with the GitHub API. Please set this to `${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}` (see [templates](#templates)) to allow the action to authenticate with the GitHub API, which helps reduce rate-limiting issues. |
| `set-java-home` | `'true'` | If set to `'true'`, instructs the action to set `$JAVA_HOME` to the path of the GraalVM installation. Overrides any previous action or command that sets `$JAVA_HOME`. |

> | `cache`         | `''`     | Name of the build platform to cache dependencies. It can be `'maven'`, `'gradle'`, or `'sbt'` and works the same way as described in [actions/setup-java][setup-java-caching]. |

Reviewer 3: The default for cache (`''`) it is not one of the options.

> | `cache`         | `''`     | Name of the build platform to cache dependencies. Turned off by default (`''`). It can also be `'maven'`, `'gradle'`, or `'sbt'` and works the same way as described in [actions/setup-java][setup-java-caching]. |

Reviewer 2: Should it (`''`) be empty?

Author: Yes, it's empty by default :)

> | `check-for-updates` | `'true'`  | [Annotate jobs][gha-annotations] with update notifications, for example when a new GraalVM release is available. |

Reviewer 2: ..., for example, when a new GraalVM release is available.

Author: Nope, Bernard disagrees :)

| `native-image-musl` | `'false'` | If set to `'true'`, sets up [musl] to build [static binaries][native-image-static] with GraalVM Native Image *(Linux only)*. [Example usage][native-image-musl-build] (be sure to replace `uses: ./` with `uses: graalvm/setup-graalvm@v1`). |

> | `native-image-job-reports` *) | `'false'` | If set to `'true'`, post a job summary containing a Native Image build report. |

Reviewer 3: Why is there a parenthesis following the asterisk?

Author: It acts as a footnote.

| `native-image-pr-reports`  *) | `'false'` | If set to `'true'`, post a comment containing a Native Image build report on pull requests. Requires `write` permissions for the [`pull-requests` scope][gha-permissions]. |
| `components`    | `''`     | Comma-separated list of GraalVM components (e.g., `native-image` or `ruby,nodejs`) that will be installed by the [GraalVM Updater][gu]. |

> | `version` | n/a | `X.Y.Z` (e.g., `22.3.0`) for a specific [GraalVM release][releases] up to `22.3.2`<br>`mandrel-X.Y.Z` (e.g., `mandrel-21.3.0.0-Final`) for a specific [Mandrel release][mandrel-releases],<br>`mandrel-latest` for [latest Mandrel stable release][mandrel-stable]. |

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure "n/a" is correct here. You might want to say "deprecated".

Author: It's not deprecated but kept for backward compatibility. `n/a` only made sense when this option was required. It now defaults to `''`.
